[Optimization Mode]
Optimization mode provides ways to optimize a truss. 
To enter optimization mode, type 'beast-mode', and 
press Enter.

Unlike regular truss calculator, optimization mode
does not account for bad truss buildings (e.g. 
extra joints, overlapping joints, etc.), make sure
that the truss works in Regular Mode before 
proceeding to use optimization mode. Also, take 
care of the the support reactions of each joint 
yourself, the support reactions must not change 
during the optimization, it is adviced that you
calculate it yourself. Alternatively, you can solve 
the support reactions in regular mode, record the
value, and then enter them as force exerted on a 
joint instead.

It is recommended that you write the commands in a text 
file, save the file and paste the shell script to the 
optimization mode (or an empty console app).

For a sample workflow / script of optimization, check
"SampleOTruss.txt". Select all, copy, and paste it
into the console shell.

If you are unsure how to use the optimization features.
Find "OptimizationScript.txt", select all, copy, and 
paste it into the console shell.

The detailed cost and length constraints could be 
found in "Constraints.json". You could reset the values
there.

For a regular optimization, the terminologies are listed
below:
	Depth: the radius around each free joint that the probe
		will occur.
	Triangular Optimization, checks 3 points around the joint
		with radius given as "Depth". Should use when there are
		more than 3 joints. (Otherwise the program will run
		for a LONG time).
	Tetrahedral Optimization, checks 4 points around the joint
		with given Depth.
	Pentagonal Optimization, checks 5 points around the joint 
		with given Depth.
	N-gular Optimization, checks N points around hte joint with 
		given Depth. For N<100, it works reasonably well with 2 
		free joints. DO NOT try this with 4 or more free joints.
	Grid Optimization: checks the 9 grids surrounding the center
		grid with distance between each point being the Depth.
	Iteration: for each iteration. the free joints are moved to the
		probed position that gives the cheapest cost out of all the
		combinations of points around each joint. If no progress is
		made, i.e., the cost cannot be burnt down further, the 
		iteration terminates. But a different optimization geometry
		or different depth could be tried.


Here are a few core commands of the Optimization
Mode:
'add': same as in regular mode. 
	NEW in v1.0.7: for each free joint, use '-f' to indicate that the 
	joint is free to move.
	Without at least 1 '-f', no joints will be moved and the optimization
	command will do nothing at all.
'link': same as in regular mode.
'exert': same as in regular mode.
'op': starts optimization.
	'op 3 1': starts 1 depth triangular optimization.
	'op 4 0.1': starts 0.1 depth tetrahedral optimization.
	'op 6 0.01': starts 0.01 depth hexagonal optimization.
	'op 8 0.01': starts 0.01 depth octagonal optimization.
	Optimization Level see Appendix ...
'gop': starts grid optimization.
	'gop 0.3': starts grid optimization with depth 0.3.
'newcoord': see all new coordinates after optimization.
'cost': see current cost.
'works': see if the current truss works or not.
'quit': quits the optimization mode. Return to regular mode.

NOTE: nothing will be saved in optimization mode, the truss 
data will be prompty destroyed as you quit the optimization
mode.